Reduce the minimum number of dhcp ports for a subnet from two to one (#541)
vk-cs/terraform-provider-vkcs: CHANGELOG.md

# VKCS Provider's changelog

#### v0.9.2 (unreleased)

> - Reduce the minimum number of dhcp ports for a subnet from two to one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce the minimum number of DHCP ports to wait for a subnet to be ready from 2 to 1
```
